README.md, before:

## About

An abstraction built from the actively maintained database of cryptocurrencies by CoinMarketCap. Add crypto logos to your application by downloading from 9000+ logos using [**Crypto Logos**](https://cryptologos.vercel.app), or through the [**API**](https://github.com/0x-Legend/crypto-logos/blob/c35e0141730f32ac4d9768d7ff56ec8ed58721d5/app/api/README.md).

## Features

- A collection of over 9000 cryptocurrencies and their logos in PNG format.
- An easy-to-use and lightning fast API to get up-to-date logos in real-time.
- Updated every Sunday at 5AM UTC through cron jobs ```/api/cron/CMC/route.ts```.

## API
- Powered by Vercel Functions, Postgres, KV (and Blob soon).
- No authentication or API keys, just a 30 reqs/min rate-limit based on IP. 
  - Please open an issue to request an increase.
- Support POST requests with parameters to customize logo output.
- View the [API Docs](https://github.com/0x-Legend/crypto-logos/blob/c35e0141730f32ac4d9768d7ff56ec8ed58721d5/app/api/README.md) or try the [API Playground](https://cryptologos.vercel.app/api/playground) for more info.

## Future
- SVG & JSX versions will be added progressively.
- Docs on how to use [SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/).

## Development

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

Clone the repository, then run the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You will need to add the following to your .env.local.
- [CMC_PRO_API_KEY](https://pro.coinmarketcap.com/)
- [POSTGRES_URL](https://vercel.com/storage/postgres)
- [KV_REST_API_TOKEN](https://vercel.com/storage/kv)
- [KV_REST_API_URL](https://vercel.com/storage/kv)

Then visit http://localhost:3000/api/cron/cmc to trigger data retrieval from CMC
- This is only required if it is your first time running dev server or deployment.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.


## Deploy on Vercel
[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fajayvignesh01%2FCrypto-Logos&env=CMC_PRO_API_KEY&stores=[{"type":"postgres"},{"type":"kv"}])

The easiest way to deploy this app is to use the Vercel Deploy button above.
- You will need to obtain a [CMC Pro API Key](https://pro.coinmarketcap.com/).
- Once your application is deployed, visits `/api/cron/cmc` to trigger data retrieval from CMC.
  - This is only required for your first deployment.
- And you're good to go!

Commit message:

update README with postgres & kv remarks

README.md, after:

## About

An abstraction built from the actively maintained database of cryptocurrencies by CoinMarketCap. Add crypto logos to your application by downloading from 9000+ logos using [**Crypto Logos**](https://cryptologos.vercel.app), or through the [**API**](https://github.com/0x-Legend/crypto-logos/blob/c35e0141730f32ac4d9768d7ff56ec8ed58721d5/app/api/README.md).

## Features

- A collection of over 9000 cryptocurrencies and their logos in PNG format.
- An easy-to-use and lightning fast API to get up-to-date logos in real-time.
- Updated every Sunday at 5AM UTC through cron jobs ```/api/cron/CMC/route.ts```.

## API
- Powered by Vercel Functions, Postgres, KV (and Blob soon).
- No authentication or API keys, just a 30 reqs/min rate-limit based on IP. 
  - Please open an issue to request an increase.
- Support POST requests with parameters to customize logo output.
- View the [API Docs](https://github.com/0x-Legend/crypto-logos/blob/c35e0141730f32ac4d9768d7ff56ec8ed58721d5/app/api/README.md) or try the [API Playground](https://cryptologos.vercel.app/api/playground) for more info.

## Future
- SVG & JSX versions will be added progressively.
- Docs on how to use [SVGR](https://react-svgr.com/).

## Development

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

You will need a Postgres DB and Redis KV solution before being able to run dev server. It is highly recommended to use the Deploy to Vercel button below as it will walk you though setting these up.

If you do not want to use Vercel Postgres & Vercel KV, you can also bring your own solutions. A Postgres DB is required, but you can get rid of the KV as it is only used for rate-limiting. The two places where it used are in `app/api/getLogos` and `app/api/getAllLogos`.

Clone the repository, then add the following to your .env.local:
- [CMC_PRO_API_KEY](https://pro.coinmarketcap.com/)
- [POSTGRES_URL](https://vercel.com/storage/postgres)
- [KV_REST_API_TOKEN](https://vercel.com/storage/kv)
- [KV_REST_API_URL](https://vercel.com/storage/kv)

And run:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

If this is your first time running dev server or deployment, visit http://localhost:3000/api/cron/cmc to trigger data retrieval from CMC

Then visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) see the result.


## Deploy on Vercel
[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fajayvignesh01%2FCrypto-Logos&env=CMC_PRO_API_KEY&stores=[{"type":"postgres"},{"type":"kv"}])

The easiest way to deploy this app is to use the Vercel Deploy button above.
- You will need to obtain a [CMC Pro API Key](https://pro.coinmarketcap.com/).
- Once your application is deployed, visits `/api/cron/cmc` to trigger data retrieval from CMC.
  - This is only required for your first deployment.
- And you're good to go!
